README.md, before:

cli-cm-regex-validate
=====================

Validate Fields with Regex Property of Content Type and Global Field in a Stack

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/cli-cm-regex-validate)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/cli-cm-regex-validate)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://github.com/contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g cli-cm-regex-validate
$ oclif-example COMMAND
running command...
$ oclif-example (-v|--version|version)
cli-cm-regex-validate/1.0.0 linux-x64 node-v16.2.0
$ oclif-example --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ oclif-example COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`oclif-example cm:stacks:validate-regex [FILE]`](#oclif-example-cmstacksvalidate-regex-file)

## `oclif-example cm:stacks:validate-regex [FILE]`

describe the command here

```
USAGE
  $ oclif-example cm:stacks:validate-regex [FILE]

OPTIONS
  -f, --force
  -h, --help       show CLI help
  -n, --name=name  name to print
```

_See code: [src/commands/cm/stacks/validate-regex.ts](https://github.com/contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate/blob/v1.0.0/src/commands/cm/stacks/validate-regex.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

Updated Tsconfig, used Prepack & Postpack Commands

README.md, after:

cli-cm-regex-validate
=====================

Validate Fields with Regex Property of Content Type and Global Field in a Stack

[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/cli-cm-regex-validate)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/cli-cm-regex-validate)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/cli-cm-regex-validate.svg)](https://github.com/contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate/blob/master/package.json)

<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g @contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate
$ csdx COMMAND
running command...
$ csdx (-v|--version|version)
@contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate/1.0.0 linux-x64 node-v16.2.0
$ csdx --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ csdx COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex`](#csdx-cmstacksvalidate-regex)

## `csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex`

This command is used to find all the invalid regexes present in the content types and global fields of your stack.

```
USAGE
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex

OPTIONS
  -a, --alias=alias        Alias (name) assigned to the management token
  -c, --contentType        To find invalid regexes within the content types

  -f, --filePath=filePath  [optional] The path or the location in your file system where the CSV output file should be
                           stored.

  -g, --globalField        To find invalid regexes within the global fields

  -h, --help               To show details for the CLI command

EXAMPLES
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -a <management_token_alias>
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -c
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -g
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -f <path/to/the/directory>
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -a <management_token_alias> -c -g
  $ csdx cm:stacks:validate-regex -a <management_token_alias> -c -g -f <path/to/the/directory>
```

_See code: [src/commands/cm/stacks/validate-regex.ts](https://github.com/contentstack/cli-cm-regex-validate/blob/v1.0.0/src/commands/cm/stacks/validate-regex.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->
